Derive accept confirmation from the handshake secret (#353)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

## Backend Server {#backend-server}

Upon receipt of an empty "encrypted_client_hello" extension, if the backend
server negotiates TLS 1.3 or higher, then it MUST confirm ECH acceptance to the
client by computing its ServerHello as described here.

> The backend server begins by generating a message ServerHelloECHConf just as it
> would a standard ServerHello message, except that ServerHelloECHConf.random is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend server begins by generating a message ServerHelloECHConf, which is identical
in content to a ServerHello message with the exception that ServerHelloECHConf.random is
```

equal to 24 random bytes followed by 8 zero bytes. It then computes a string

~~~
    accept_confirmation =
        Derive-Secret(Handshake Secret,

>                       "ech acceptance confirmation",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      "ech accept confirmation",
```

backend server. Stateful HRR on the client-facing server works fine, however.
See issue #333.]]

## Backend Server {#backend-server}

Upon receipt of an empty "encrypted_client_hello" extension, if the backend
server negotiates TLS 1.3 or higher, then it MUST confirm ECH acceptance to the
client by computing its ServerHello as described here.

The backend server begins by generating a message ServerHelloECHConf just as it
would a standard ServerHello message, except that ServerHelloECHConf.random is
equal to 24 random bytes followed by 8 zero bytes. It then computes a string

~~~
    accept_confirmation =
        Derive-Secret(Handshake Secret,
                      "ech acceptance confirmation",
                      ClientHelloInner..ServerHelloECHConf)
~~~

where Derive-Secret and Handshake Secret are as specified in {{RFC8446}},

> Section 7.1 and ClientHelloInner...ServerHelloECHConf refers to the sequence of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Section 7.1 and ClientHelloInner..ServerHelloECHConf refers to the sequence of
```

## Backend Server {#backend-server}

Upon receipt of an empty "encrypted_client_hello" extension, if the backend
server negotiates TLS 1.3 or higher, then it MUST confirm ECH acceptance to the
client by computing its ServerHello as described here.

The backend server begins by generating a message ServerHelloECHConf just as it
would a standard ServerHello message, except that ServerHelloECHConf.random is
equal to 24 random bytes followed by 8 zero bytes. It then computes a string

~~~
    accept_confirmation =
        Derive-Secret(Handshake Secret,
                      "ech acceptance confirmation",
                      ClientHelloInner..ServerHelloECHConf)
~~~

where Derive-Secret and Handshake Secret are as specified in {{RFC8446}},

> Section 7.1 and ClientHelloInner...ServerHelloECHConf refers to the sequence of

Author: nit: s/.../../

## Security and Privacy Goals {#goals}

[[TODO: Modify the text below to account for the acceptance confirmation signal

> being derived from the handshake secret.]]

Reviewer: The relevant text here notes that active attackers can distinguish real from fake ECH, which, as written, is probably still true with this change. (It could probe for the outer name, and then memcmp that to what's in a packet, for example.) So I might drop this TODO and address overhauling this section as part of #354.

Author: Done.
